We have to talk because I'm up over
$100,000 on these juicy trades given in
the moment in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord when I open the trades. But this
right here, guys, this right here, this
right here, look very carefully at this
chart and tell me if you can see what I
see. Bitcoin right now is at the brink,
the moment of decision which will
determine whether or not we drop deep
into the 50s or if we actually get a big
move to the upside. We are seeing the
most ambiguous signs on the chart. And
right now, price action is king. And in
this moment, this orange line right here
is the line that we need to be paying
attention to. And so today, I'm going to
be doing a deep dive into the chart,
telling you exactly what I am looking
for and exactly how I plan to trade this
Bitcoin price action as we head not only
into a new week, but into a new month.
So, make sure to like, subscribe, and
click the bell for notifications because
um Jason Casper is the is the coolest
guy.
>> Folks, Jason Casper is the coolest guy
in the world. His coolness is flowing
out like nobody's coolness has ever
flowed out before. It's flowing into the
streets and it's making America great
again. So, please folks, like the dang
video.
>> So, let's break it down. Let's break it
down. The Bitcoin price right now is
getting a little bit of a bounce from a
very key zone of support. This is of
course the daily order block that we
have all the way back from September
2024 confluence with the high volume
node of that month September 2024 and
you can see ever since getting a bounce
from this level we have held it now this
is going to be our fourth day and of
course I did take a long trade from
there I'm up right now about $8,000 and
I also told my community not only did I
give the setup in advance but I let
everybody know the moment I took the
trade just like I let everybody know
when I took the dang short trade on the
14th of May, which is currently up right
now, almost $100,000 in profit. I also
told my community after a quick
take-profit one that I'm going to let
the trade stay open for a potential
swing. In other words, there is a very
real chance that we get a significant
move to the upside from this support.
But in order for that to happen, it is
crucial that we get a very strong close
making a nice higher high above this
orange line. And here's why. This orange
line is the value area low of the range
that Bitcoin's been trading since the
beginning of June. This is the whole
month of price action right here. And
anything under this orange line at about
the price of 60,500 is considered
undervalued Bitcoin. And anything above
that line, locally speaking, in the
month of June is considered overvalued
Bitcoin. The way ranges work is you
trade from the top of the range to the
bottom to the top to the bottom. And
once price comes to the bottom of this
range, it is considered undervalued
Bitcoin. It is considered a time where
you look to buy. But if the price cannot
come back inside the range, then what
this actually turns into is a breakdown,
a bearish back test, and then we make a
lower low. So right now, the reason why
I'm thinking this could get a move to
the upside is because we are in the
undervalued territory. We are holding
support and we are trying to get a break
above this resistance. And I am waiting
to see if the price can get a break
above the resistance because if we do,
we have some very bullish signs on the
chart which are actually very rare and
could result in a very strong move to
the upside. For example, the weekly
market cipher B for the first time since
the bottom of the bare market that
happened back here in November 2022 is
seeing a bullish divergence. A bullish
divergence is the price makes a lower
low, the oscillator makes a higher low,
strangely resembling a set of uneven
bullish butt cheeks with a thick juicy
left cheek full of gravy and ravioli and
a skinny old skinny old cardio bunny
right butt cheek on the treadmill all
day and all night. Can you imagine being
on the treadmill all day and all night?
But anyway, we're seeing that
potentially happen now on the weekly.
And if we go to the daily, actually in a
few hours about 10 hours, we will
confirm a bullish divergence here in the
daily where the momentum waves are
getting higher as the price is getting
lower to a key area of support. So
because we're seeing such bullish signs
on these high time frames and even if we
go down to the 4hour time frame, we are
seeing the money flow and the momentum
waves getting higher as the price is
getting lower to the key support. So
there is a case to be made here that
this could result in a significant
bottom. But as I was saying, we need to
reclaim this orange line of around
$60,500
in order for this to actually start
looking bullish. Cuz if we don't, well,
then it's a breakdown of the range and
the market is showing us that what used
to be considered undervalued Bitcoin is
now actually considered not undervalued
anymore because instead of buyers
pushing the price back into the fair
value zone, they're breaking down and
they're creating a new fair value zone
at a lower low. And we cannot lose sight
of the larger context of this range here
which is basically since February.
This has been our low. Right? So our
June range definitely has an undervalued
price of you know dipping down below
60K. But this has been the bottom of our
range since February. Right? And so we
could also look at this as the back test
of a support resistance flip here. And
then right now we look at it as a
attempt to break back into the range,
but really just a rollover to make a new
lower low. And this is very crucial
because not only, like I said, is this
the end of the week, but it's also
heading to the end of the month of June.
And if we go to this candle here, man,
it would not look good to see the
monthly candle closing the candle body
below the wick from February 6th. That
would look extremely bearish. And right
now we still have about 2 days left of
this monthly candle. But you can see the
price is just barely above that wick
from February 6th. And of course if we
close it below, that is a lower low with
a monthly candle close continuing in a
downtrend. And I just want to point out
the fact that it is June heading into
July, which means the bottom of the bare
market is coming within the next few
months. And if we're going to go based
on the 4-year cycle, we actually have
I'd say maybe another two or 3 months
before that bottom could be in. Right?
So, I am very much so open to another
drop to the downside, but the market can
do anything. And right now, we are
getting a bounce from support with some
bullish divergences, and we need to keep
our eyes on the $60,500 level as well as
the monthly close, looking for it to
close at least above our February 6th
low. Now, one other thing that does
concern me about this price action is
the fact that if we take the Fibonacci
from the low that we made in the bare
market down here, November 2022, and we
pull it to the all-time high, you can
see that we just barely
just barely front ran the 618 level. Why
do I say that's concerning? Well,
I have spent many, many years looking at
the Bitcoin price action, trading
Bitcoin, and I know how Bitcoin likes to
behave. And although we did bounce from
a little bit of a support here, we front
ran the golden pocket, which is coming
in around 57.7.
The reason I don't like this is because
most of the time if you have a very high
time frame level such as a macro golden
pocket or a macro monthly order block
and you front run the level a little bit
and start to get a bounce that actually
is a harbinger of much lower prices to
come. Typically if you front run a level
like this and get a little bit of a
bounce when we do actually test the
level we fall through it. This happens
over and over and over again with
Bitcoin. Doesn't have to happen. doesn't
always happen, but more times than not,
it does happen. So, the fact that we
came all the way down to this support
and we didn't at least tap that 618.
Man, it makes me a little bit nervous
that this money flow on the daily, which
is looking quite bearish here. Let's be
honest. Money flow getting lower even
though we have a bull div could give us
one more big drop. And so, where is that
drop likely to come? Obviously, I can't
know this for sure, but what we can do
is we can look at the past Bitcoin
cycles and say when and where did the
bottom happen? And we could say with
confidence for the past three cycles,
the bottom happened 365 days after the
all-time high. And it happened right
around the Fibonacci 786 retrace.
Happened in 2019. Actually happened in
2015 as well. It happened in 2022. And
so if the same thing is going to repeat,
we're looking at the end of September,
beginning of October, and the price
dipping just below $40,000. Now, you
might say, Jason, this time is different
because of Black Rockck and institutions
and government. Fine. Let's say this
time really is different. That's fine.
This green box between our golden pocket
and our 786 and more ideally between,
I'd say, 38K and 48K
coming in around the end of September,
middle of October. This is the golden
time where if we do get another drop, I
would be looking for the price to
eventually make its way down into this
zone at around this time before we
actually enter into a new bull market.
And this is where I'm actually looking
to really load up on spot to make tons
of money, tons
of money in the next bull market. All
right, so we need to be paying attention
around this area. macro Fibonacci golden
pocket support. You know, just to give
you an idea of what happened last time,
last cycle at the macro Fibonacci, we
did get a little bit of a bounce here.
You can see, but then we got one last
big drop to the 786. Is the same thing
repeating? Well, only time will tell.
And right now, we really need to be
watching the $60,500 level as well as
the February 6 low. And then next week
and next month, we will determine what
to happen next. And of course in the
Casper crew, I'm going to be giving my
setups in advance. I'm going to be
telling my community when I am taking
the trades. So if you want to get
involved with that, Jason
Casperrading.com. Also, make sure to
check out KSEX. Lowest fees period on a
decent on a centralized exchange as well
as Antarctic lowest fees possible on a
decentralized exchange. All links in the
pin comment and description. And guys,
that is it for today's video. Make sure
to like, subscribe, click the bell for
notification. May God bless you all in
Jesus name. I pray you and your families
are super blessed and I will see
everybody in the next video. Peace
of pizza.